References:
https://www.mindbodygreen.com/articles/espresso-vs-coffee
https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/how-much-caffeine-in-coffee#TOC_TITLE_HDR_4

- El ahwa el 3adeya el bene3melha bel kanaka fel beet wel bardo mawgooda ka machine fi ADI de esmaha ahwa turkey.
Fi b2a noo3 tany men el ahwa el dayman beyet3emel bel Nespresso machine (zy el fel beet w fel geesh) esmaha
espresso. Eh el far2 been el etneen? El etneen ahwa, y3ny el etneen beyet3emlo men "coffee beans" whose main
component is "caffeine". The main difference between them is how the coffee bean is brewed (يتم تخميرها) in each of them.
Be ghad el nazar 3an el tafasel, el mohem en enta ka user el far2 bel nesbalak en el ahwa el turkey el bon beyeb2a
fel fengan (zy el tefl keda fel shay), laken el espresso el machine betnazelak only el coffee el hateshrabha (i.e.
momken teshrab el fengan kolo).

- El espresso momken yeb2a single shot aw double shots. Eh el far2? El double shots beyeb2a fiha double el caffeine
compared to the single shot.

- Coffee (in general, whether coffee or espresso) has many benefits that you can read about here:
https://www.healthline.com/nutrition/top-evidence-based-health-benefits-of-coffee

- It is recommended to consume a maximum of 400 mg of caffeine daily. But how much caffeine is there in coffee and 
espresso? For espresso, el single shot beyeb2a fiha ~63 mg of caffeine, while el double shots beyeb2a fiha
~126 mg. For the coffee, el mawdoo3 ar5am shwaya 3ashan enta el bet7ot el coffee be nafsak, fanta momken tezawed 
fa el caffeine yezeed, w momken te2alel fa el caffeine ye2el. Bs for an 8 oz cup of coffee, the amount of caffeine 
is 70-140 mg, which is about 95 mg on average. Fa keda:
1 cup of coffee: 95 mg of caffeine ===> drink 4 cups maximum.
1 shot of espresso: 60 mg of caffeine ===> drink 6 cups maximum.
2 shots of espresso: 120 mg of caffeine ===> drink 3 cups maximum.

- So, what are the other types of coffee drinks like latte, cappuccino, macchiato, and americano? they are all
espresso-based drinks made from espresso shots mixed with varying types and amounts of milk to make the espresso 
tastes better (since plain espresso is not of much good taste). Since the milk doesn't contain any additional
caffeine, these drinks contain the same amount of caffeine as straight espresso. 

- What about the coffee drinks sizes at coffee shops? Let's take Starbucks as an example. The caffeine content of 
a coffee cup at Starbucks is as follows:
Short (8 oz): 180 mg.
Tall (12 oz): 260 mg.
Grande (16 oz): 330 mg.
Venti (20 oz): 415 mg.
Furthermore, one shot of espresso at Starbucks contains 75 mg of caffeine.
Consequently, all small espresso-based drinks also contain 75 mg of caffeine. This includes lattes, cappuccinos,
macchiatos and Americanos, among others. Larger sizes, which are made with two, or even three, espresso shots
(16 oz), likewise contain 150 or 225 mg of caffeine.

- Don't drink coffee in the first hour of the day (i.e. eat first).

- Avoid drinking coffee (or consuming caffeine in general) at least 6 hours before bed to avoid sleeping problems.

- To maximize your exercise performance from coffee, it is best to consume coffee 30-60 minutes before a workout.
Of course avoid any milk-containing coffee drink (e.g. cappuccino) before exercising.